add ECN events (#263)
quicwg/qlog: draft-ietf-quic-qlog-quic-events.md

    ; The RawInfo fields do not include the UDP headers,
    ; only the UDP payload
    ? raw: [+ RawInfo]

    ; ECN bits in the IP header

>     ; if not set, defaults the value used on the last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ; if not set, defaults to the value used on the last
```

~~~
{: #recovery-markedforretransmit-def title="RecoveryMarkedForRetransmit definition"}

## ecn_state_updated {#recovery-ecnstateupdated}
Importance: Extra

This event indicates a progression in the ECN state machine as described in section
A.4 of RFC 9000.

~~~ cddl
ECNStateUpdated = {
   ? old: ECNState
    new: ECNState
}

ECNState =

>   ; ECN testing not yet started, ECN support not determined yet.
>   "unknown" /
>   ; ECN testing in progress
>   "testing" /

Author: This is backwards. Testing comes first, and after that comes unknown.
```suggestion
  ; ECN testing in progress
  "testing" /
  ; ECN state unknown, waiting for acknowledgements for testing packets
  "unknown" /
```

~~~
{: #recovery-markedforretransmit-def title="RecoveryMarkedForRetransmit definition"}

## ecn_state_updated {#recovery-ecnstateupdated}
Importance: Extra

This event indicates a progression in the ECN state machine as described in section

> A.4 of RFC 9000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A.4 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
```

~~~
{: #keytype-def title="KeyType definition"}

## ECN
~~~ cddl

> ECN = "Non-ECT" / "ECT(1)" / "ECT(0)" / "CE"

Author: See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explicit_Congestion_Notification#Operation_of_ECN_with_IP
```suggestion
ECN = "Not-ECT" / "ECT(1)" / "ECT(0)" / "CE"
```
